Stop playing tricks here
Don't think I don't know
You passed out from noon until late at night
Could it be that the case was solved in a dream?
How did you know I was unconscious from noon until late at night?
Is this poison
You placed it.
Sir, I have found out who the murderer is
Let's go back to the village now
Tricks that have been played
Don't take it out and lie to people
Cao Cao, try putting your hand on the palm print
Song Xue
You mean the murderer is a woman?
Exactly.
And you can see how disorganized these fingerprints are.
But most of them are palm leaves and are punched and footprints
This shows that the deceased was alive
Should have had sex with the murderer
The deceased should be raped first and then killed
Ridiculous
Murderer first
May be female
He also said that the deceased was raped and then killed
Bragging also needs to be drafted
Marshal Laofan sent his men to the West Courtyard
Whoever enters the theater belongs to a sibling
Bring it all back
But this task is a bit onerous
You have to find someone with outstanding ability to do it
I think Fan Er is also very suitable for this resonance.
After bringing it
You will know why the murderer is a woman
You can also kill before and after.